ok so I do want to touch on a couple of
other things from your background is
well because you mentioned all of these
things kind of tied together like you've
got it figured out you can mention this
when you introduce yourself when you
figure out how to do something like then
you know how to apply it in your using
some common knowledge that you built for
yourself that you apply across all these
different things that have given you a
lot of success so I want to talk about
some of these other things as well so
tell me about your your wood carver your
your internationally renowned would a
little bit about what the deal is how
are you this international oh that's a
great story you know because it leads
right into what goes on with the website
of Coors make websites are not friends
all over the country I just took it up
at the hobby just something fun today
which it still is and I intend to keep
it that way of course I created a
website for myself with it to show it to
all my friends and family and maybe earn
just enough money to pay for the hobby
you note to let it go that's right and
they'll just enough to pay for the hobby
and doing something so unique
a writer for one of the magazine's when
the wood carving magazines found it
would you like to be featured in 10
magazines like ya doing step-by-step
tutorial but upheld the carving was
created in people would get invested in
it and i also before I ever even
finished it it's like they become
invested in the process along with me
and a lot of these magazines are
teaching magazines too and have teaching
tutorial type books and that kind of
thing so she went to the editor to ask
permission for doing the article came
back this is Fox Chapel publishing you
know there is there anything to do with
woodworking and they came back and they
said not only would we like to feature
all the magazines but we would like to
hire you to write a tutorial on how you
do this because it's so unique nobody
else in the world
with doing it and I said sure and then
they came back and said we'd like for
you to do a book for things like wow you
know because that's just not enough to
pitch they are they came to me but I had
a shoulder injury I had a little too
much on my shoulder and that's why me
from carving for a little while and then
my business just went bonkers they just
took off and four years later I'm just
now getting back in carving enough I
might do that at some point I'm but it's
very very very time consuming to do all
that and it will become another business
in a really don't have time to run a
second business in the United got well
yeah I just want a copy that I can enjoy
what I want but it changed a lot for me
because I have a lot of lifestyle and
crafts bloggers food bloggers mommy
bloggers that kind of thing that our
client in he gives me a way to learn
about that end of the industry to
inhibit thought this very different from
the main flight and try to attract both
quite so I'm looking forward to getting
back into that this fall
fallen winners when I really do much
more carving in exploring that fired of
website ownership in dealt to be great
if folks if you're enjoying the story
and i know im enjoying the story lot now
we're just getting warmed up you guys go
ahead and click to tell a little bird
button to let people know you're not a
whole lot more that you can share with
us and we want to make sure that
everybody gets a chance to hear so hold
up the whole you a little bit more cuz I
want to continue on talking about tell
us a little bit about you your multi
instrumentalist and airtime all across
the world so give us the scoop on that
so you got this wonderful story how you
gotten world-renowned just do what you
like to do he made a website for sharing
your interests of people and how to tell
us about how you've gotten your
recognition using its not really
recognition alright by background music
beijing goals you know that kind of
thing you'll never know
eroded and it's pretty funny because I
don't find out about it until after the
fact when Africa since me my royalty but
where it played in I've never actually
even heard my stuff it's been on TV a
lot Young and the Restless Ellen
DeGeneres saturday night live a couple
of times in the USA up play in other
countries way more than I do in the USA
but funny to me that I never have ever
heard it myself
played on TV and Ellen DeGeneres one
maybe Nickelodeon or something I could
pick it up for you know a player
something cuz I know what show that her
her sitcom and I just think that's
really funny that I've never heard it
but before I do that you know played on
stage of on the road I did I've been
performing on stage since I was really
little perfectly comfortable in front of
3,000 people know private matter of fact
I love it I miss it but but it's a very
unreal world and these songs I would
write you know people would come up to
me after the show or whatever
a club or something like that where they
could just walk upto you on the stage
and say oh man I feel you I don't think
it was a hook I made up in the shower
nothing to do with me and the
expectation is that all this came from
real life because I could a moated not
gonna make it real it's such an
unrealistic world the road it's not fun
and then I went into sound engineering
recording studio that's actually what
led me into electronic equipment and I
wanted I thought I wanted to run my own
studio for a while and had really great
success with one that'll work that but
you know going on the road with that
equipment sits still the road still do
whatever and I found really enjoyed
writing more than underperforming
go across any genre orkut explore any
kind of music and not have to be locked
into one kind of
genre with one kind of audience and I
really like that a lot better and
electronic music recording everything
came along about the time and I could be
the whole band to play everything about
the recording and whatever I could just
do it all at home service call taxi
showed up there was kind of the
middleman between people looking for
music and people producing it and I got
him with that and boom it sold all over
the world because of that I think
getting music you know with Getty Images
Getty music thing the same sort of
service so they're clearing health is
for that I got ripped off a lot there
somebody in florida that has all my
children's music and put it everywhere
except for the one that went on Bharti
never the purple purple God would never
tell anybody I wrote that I thought
parents were all over and over and over
so you know I had to keep it kind of
quiet a little down and worked with
actually down on the jingle capital of
the world believe it or not and just
happened to fall into that with them and
it was a lot of white what they call
white bread music and boring people been
in the industry for a long time they
wouldn't break out so I was really happy
to find some of these other houses the
that had library that were a little more
he opened a little more fun and I would
just make up there you don't have to be
530 on 32nd you know 63rd and whatever
in there certain mathematical formulas
you put that into things out but they
have to hook they have to grab somebody
immediately think that kind of all of
that gave me a good way to not care what
anybody thinks to do what I do in put
out the best quality that are candid
hooks people in immediately and it's
going to be good for some folks and not
good for others you know it just feels
what it is but I've buried because of it
in criticism and praise will get you
nowhere with me I will take instruction
I do listen but it doesn't really get to
me
if I'm producing high-quality these
people that are that's resonating with
an audience whatever my audience is from
doing it in my voice I don't necessarily
know everything I may not know I may not
even be the best instructor on the
planet or whatever but people resonate
with me the way I do it and there's
millions billions of people that need to
learn so you know I'm just thrilled that
enough people rather than I do what I do
trust me that I'm going to do the very
best that I can't deliver the very best
content that I can and accurate that is
actually helpful very step that I used
to that I checked to make sure that
there's no problems with it I don't just
do it because of love I actually look at
the function of it too and I have a
pretty no nonsense approach about things
and there are a lot of folks who
resonate with that enough so that I
could quit my day job and do this full
time and am very thankful for their